README.md, before:

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-0175C2?style=flat-square&logo=Dart&logoColor=white"/> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-02569B?style=flat-square&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white"/> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=black"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=React&logoColor=black"/> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=Python&logoColor=white"/> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=flat-square&logo=Django&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=flat-square&logo=Figma&logoColor=white"/>

 # 🚸 talkative_missing

 > [Go to Mobile App Wireframe](https://www.figma.com/file/1LDEezi20v0pq4uhQ36X0y/OSS-MissingChild?node-id=0%3A1&t=VmkG4pbSwEEjSnH7-1) Icons used in this wireframe are licensed under Apache 2.0 license.
 > 

 ## 💡 Motivation of This Project
 The problem of missing children in South Korea is still an unresolved problem. 20,000 children go missing every year, and the number of long-term missing children over 20 years is 663 as of 2021.
 
Interest in this problem decreases as time goes by, but information of missing children is still shared through outdated methods such as paper leaflets.

We intended to solve this problem by providing information of missing children online, mobile application providing convenient user interface so that information of missing children can be easily and quickly checked.
 
 ## 🧑‍💻 Project Members
 
 <div align="center">

```
말 많은 하늘과 같은 사람들
```
  
 |<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/72238126?v=4" width="80">|<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/65147869?v=4" width="80">|<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/95032287?v=4" width="80">|<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/112372174?v=4" width="80">|
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|[Yeojun Yoon](https://github.com/yjyoon-dev)|[푸른곰프앙이](https://github.com/kseenyoung)|[JeongYun Kim](https://github.com/pipi-shortstocking)|[yunasin](https://github.com/star1502)|
|**Team Leader**<br>Mobile App.|Back-end|Front-end Web|Mobile App. Design|
  
  </div>
  
 ## ⚙ How it Works?
  asdfgsasdf
  
 ## 📃 License
  This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

Commit message:

added some paragraph for final project report

README.md, after:

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Dart-0175C2?style=flat-square&logo=Dart&logoColor=white"/> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-02569B?style=flat-square&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white"/> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=black"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=React&logoColor=black"/> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=Python&logoColor=white"/> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=flat-square&logo=Django&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=flat-square&logo=Figma&logoColor=white"/>

 # 🚸 talkative_missing

 > [Go to Mobile App Wireframe](https://www.figma.com/file/1LDEezi20v0pq4uhQ36X0y/OSS-MissingChild?node-id=0%3A1&t=VmkG4pbSwEEjSnH7-1) Icons used in this wireframe are licensed under Apache 2.0 license.
 > 

 ## 💡 Motivation of This Project
 The problem of missing children in South Korea is still an unresolved problem. 20,000 children go missing every year, and the number of long-term missing children over 20 years is 663 as of 2021.
 
Interest in this problem decreases as time goes by, but information of missing children is still shared through outdated methods such as paper leaflets.

We intended to solve this problem by providing information of missing children online, mobile application providing convenient user interface so that information of missing children can be easily and quickly checked.

## 📑 About This Project
 ### ⚙ How it Works?
  asdfgsasdf
  
  
## 📲 How to Install?
  ### 📱 Mobile App
  ### ☁️ Backend Server
  ### 🌐 Frontend Web for Administrator
  
  
## 🧩 How to Use?
  ### 📱 Mobile App
  ### ☁️ Backend Server
  ### 🌐 Frontend Web for Administrator
  
  
 
 ## 🧑‍💻 Project Members
 
 <div align="center">

```
말 많은 하늘과 같은 사람들
```
  
 |<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/72238126?v=4" width="80">|<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/65147869?v=4" width="80">|<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/95032287?v=4" width="80">|<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/112372174?v=4" width="80">|
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|[Yeojun Yoon](https://github.com/yjyoon-dev)|[푸른곰프앙이](https://github.com/kseenyoung)|[JeongYun Kim](https://github.com/pipi-shortstocking)|[yunasin](https://github.com/star1502)|
|**Team Leader**<br>Mobile App.|Back-end|Front-end Web|Mobile App. Design|
  
  </div>
  
 ## 🧾 License
  This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.
